Well then
It is the middle school octets department of announcement
At first we announce two schools of excellence awards
Middle school octet department
The third place for the Excellence Award is Okazaki City Fukuoka Junior High School a
congratulations
Next, Excellence Award Episode 2
It is a of everyone Mako in Toyohashi Municipal skin
Thank you
Well then
2014 49th children's music contest
Central Japan finals in school
It is the announcement of the contingency section highest award
The first prize is the highest award
It is everybody of Okazaki City Ryukai Junior High School
Onoji town
Excellent awards will be given to other schools Congratulations
Following much less
It is an announcement of junior high school dance performance six questions
At first we announce two schools of excellence awards
Junior High-school Conducting Pixel Category Excellence Award
The third place is
It is everybody of Okazaki City north junior high school
I will
Continued Excellence Award Episode 2
It is everybody of Yokkaichi City south junior high school
There the left column
Then the 49th Children's Music Competition in 2014
It is the announcement of central Japan Finals in school tube music pixel First Prize
The first prize is the highest award
It is everybody of Nagoya City Kamioka Junior High School
The offers video
Excellent awards will be given to other schools
congratulations
Continued junior high school ensemble
It is announcement of lychee department
At first we announce two schools of excellence awards
Excellence Award third place
It is everybody of Okazaki City Fukuoka Junior High School
Thank you
Excellence Award second episode is continued
It is everybody of Okazaki City Johoku Junior High School
Are in
Then the 49th Children's Music Competition in 2014
It is announcement of Chubu Japan final meeting junior high school ensemble first section highest award
The first prize is the highest award
Toyohashi Municipal original junior high school, etc. It is everyone's
congratulations
Excellent awards will be given to other schools
Middle school ensemble and continued
It is announcement of the second section
Ensemble Part 2 this will be announced from the Grand Prize because contestants schools were two schools
2014 49th year children school cool tube Japan Finals junior high school ensemble the second
Category award
The first place is
It is everybody of Karie municipal Isami Junior High School
congratulations
And Excellence Award line Toyohashi City Museum
It is everybody of bath junior high school
I do not say
Here it is what the Special Jury Prize
Master school first division
Nagoya City one person junior high school and your
And middle school middle department
Special prize will be awarded to small to everyone of Okazaki Municipal Shirokita junior high school b
Congratulations